The Danoi

The Danoi, The Sea People
They founded many establishments, including Halfwall; their units are the most elite of the city’s Warbands. The Finders are the original family of Halfwall and of the Library. Their works are foundational in the University. The Finders are currently the slumlords of Ub, and some of its most revolutionary elements. They have traveled down the two rivers, bringing with them a phonetic alphabet, Urnfield culture and fine iron and finer horses.

The Danoi prefix all rivers with an-
The Danoi Throw a Party
Danoi Party
Hostess: Argia Hermia Saxon 
Security: Inajon Teledice – big bouncer, maybe employer?
Servers:
Cooks:
Spices:
Spies:
Footman: Paul friendly, talkative. human
This is thrown in a Tarash style, as the ancients would have partied, on the rooftops. In fact, this has been a trend in town, as rooftop canteens have begun to crop up, and old places get rediscovered. This is an old hanging garden, completely recreating the palaces of old. There is a professor from Bolsingers and St. Andreas. Shawn Fallstaff will be doing what spellbinding can be done about the history of the ancients, while Boaz chuckles at his mistakes, and might even drop something deep and heavy on the players, depending on where they are.
Event: Someone kidnaps Fred. Bore takes it personally, and has the players intervene.
That same someone is going to sacrifice Fred to the dark gods. They have probably duped a bunch of people into being their lackeys.
They find the dying bodies of security folks.
The bad guy gets away because of a McGuffin ball
Event: Admiral Lesure will be complaining that his son is going to marry a werewolf.
The werewolf’s family is super sketchy, but doesn’t know what’s going on with her
Other than she’s been attending a lot of lectures by Professor Unnatural
This leads them to a professor of the Unnatural who is captured by the werewolf’s family
Who is going to do some bad things to the Professor, unless they can be cooled down.
Event: Help Fat Mat in the kitchen. 
During the party, Mat’s place is going to get hit, and he’s more than happy if they could run by and find out who is up to no good. 
And it is bad. It is badgers gone bad. If the party doesn’t intervene, the badgers are going to shit all over the place.
If they encounter the bad badgers, they find that the badgers are after Mat’s desk, and may have already copied some stuff from it. The badgers act like they were total marauders. 
They may find some clues to who hired the badgers, but it should be subtle, probably St. Andreas. If you want things to get involved, maybe some ankegs?
Event: They have to rescue a pet that went down a hole. There is a really deep fountain, and a beloved turtle fell down it. 
If they can and do go down in the drain, this may be their first introduction to the reservoir.
The turtle is getting jumped by giant frogs. There are some magical sigils.


Event: They are asked to escort a dangerous guest out of the party. 
They are of course attacked on their way out. The Saxons would prefer that the fight happen outside. 
Professor Human Mesius would be an excellent candidate, as there are plenty of people who want to kill him, and he could probably use some friends.
He will hopefully be more forthright with them if they believe him. Also, he may do some things that save lives.

Each of the vignettes at the party should be connected by some thread. The Frednapping, the Admiral’s son, Fat Mat, the Turtle and Mesius.